When you’re growing up you just feel like
there are no limits
to your goals and dreams.
I've had a very hard time here and there,
because it was quite challenging
as a 16-year-old,
growing up in a whole different culture.
It didn’t seem realistic at the time
but I just knew that
I would make it come true.
I actually envy myself as a trainee
because I do believe
that I was very strong-willed,
very stubborn, so sure about my future
and so determined to reach my goals
and I knew I would get there
for some reason.
I always have to think back on
how passionate I was towards music
and how much music
gave me a lot of the part.
And it turned out to become my life now
to the current day too, so…
Yeah, music is a big part.
Preparing for music in itself is
always a personal thing.
Being able to explore for the first time
what my music will be about,
and what I’m gonna be showing my fans is
a very rewarding experience.
During the preparations for The Show
I think I was also preparing
my solo project
I had just finished
the last shoot for "Gone,"
so that was the second music video
I did back-to-back.
To be honest, I think it's the first time
I'm actually saying this out loud
that it really was a challenge.
But at the same time
I was very, very grateful
for the opportunities that I was given.
It was a lot of fun creating, thinking,
and just making all things come to life,
all of my, our ideas.
I think I tried my best.
I don’t think I would go back
and change anything,
because I really did try
to pour my heart and soul into it.